Clarify details of sensor created by websocket_api (#17118)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/websocket_api.markdown

## Track current connections

> The websocket API provides a [sensor](/integrations/sensor.websocket_api/) that will keep track of the number of current connected clients. You can add it by adding the following to your configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The WebSocket API provides a sensor that will keep track of the number of currently connected clients. You can add it by adding the following to your configuration:
```

```yaml
# Example configuration.yaml entry

> sensor:
>   platform: websocket_api

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sensor:
  - platform: websocket_api
```
